OIDC: Use client secret for authorization code flow (#15706)
canonical/lxd: doc/server.md

    :end-before: <!-- config group server-oidc end -->
```

```{important}

> Setting `oidc.client.secret` prevents CLI clients from authenticating; only the LXD UI client will be able to authenticate.

Reviewer: Again, will need to update this per Mark's comment that it doesn't necessarily prevent other clients from authenticating.

Author: Updated to:
```
Setting `oidc.client.secret` may prevent CLI clients from authenticating depending on the Identity Provider policies.
Set this key only if required by the Identity Provider.
```

> Setting `oidc.client.secret` key will prevent CLI clients from authenticating, only LXD UI clients will be able to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `oidc.client.secret` prevents CLI clients from authenticating; only the LXD UI client will be able to authenticate.
```

> We recommended setting this key only if required by the Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this key only if required by the Identity Provider.
```
